Docs update: Decimal128/256 overflow (#51153)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/data-types/decimal.md

During calculations on Decimal, integer overflows might happen. Excessive digits in a fraction are discarded (not rounded). Excessive digits in integer part will lead to an exception.

:::warning

> Overflow check is not implemented for Decimal128 and Decimal256. In case of overflow incorrect result is always silently returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overflow check is not implemented for Decimal128 and Decimal256. In case of overflow incorrect result is return, no exception is thrown.
```
